Show how to retrieve an artifact in Python code in the Artifact concept docs (#12666)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/artifacts.md

You can also use the [Prefect REST API](https://app.prefect.cloud/api/docs#tag/Artifacts/operation/read_artifacts_api_accounts__account_id__workspaces__workspace_id__artifacts_filter_post) to programmatically filter your results.

### Fetching artifacts

> In Python code you can retrieve an artifact stored on the server with the `Artifact.get` class method:

Reviewer: nit: to avoid mildly confusing cloud-only users
```suggestion
In Python code, you can retrieve an existing artifact with the `Artifact.get` class method:
```
